Add Bitbucket Metadata for Release (#184)
launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs: build/metadata/bitbucket/README.md

| LD_CONTEXT_LINES        | The number of context lines above and below a code reference for the flag parser to send to LaunchDarkly. If < 0, no source code will be sent to LaunchDarkly. If 0, only the lines containing flag references will be sent. If > 0, will send that number of context lines above and below the flag reference. A maximum of 5 context lines may be provided. Defaults to 2 |
| LD_BASE_URI                 | Set the base URL of the LaunchDarkly server for this configuration. Defaults to https://app.launchdarkly.com |
| LD_DEBUG | Enables verbose debug logging. Default: `false`|
| LD_DEFAULT_BRANCH | The git default branch. The LaunchDarkly UI will default to display code references for this branch. Default: `master`. |
| LD_IGNORE_SERVICE_ERRORS | If enabled, the scanner will terminate with exit code 0 when the LaunchDarkly API is unreachable or returns an unexpected response. Default: `false` |
| LD_LOOKBACK | Sets the number of Git commits to search in history for whether a feature flag was removed from code. May be set to 0 to disabled this feature. Setting this option to a high value will increase search time. Defaults to 10 |

## Details

> LaunchDarkly's Code references feature allows you to find source code references to your feature flags within LaunchDarkly. This makes it easy to determine which projects reference your feature flags, and makes cleanup and removal of technical debt easy. For more information, visit our [documentation](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/v2.0/docs/git-code-references). For documentation on the source code of this pipe, see the [source repo](https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LaunchDarkly's Code references feature allows you to find source code references to your feature flags within LaunchDarkly. This makes it easy to determine which projects reference your feature flags, and makes cleanup and removal of technical debt easy. For more information, visit our [documentation](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/code/code-references). For documentation on the source code of this pipe, see the [source repo](https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs).
```

## Prerequisites

> A LaunchDarkly personal access token with writer-level access, or access to the `code-reference-repository` [custom role](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/v2.0/docs/custom-roles) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A LaunchDarkly personal access token with writer-level access, or access to the `code-reference-repository` [custom role](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/members/custom-roles) resource.
```

## Examples
Minimal configuration:
```yaml
script:
  - pipe: - pipe: launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs-pipe:2.4.0
    environment:
      LD_ACCESS_TOKEN: $LD_ACCESS_TOKEN
      LD_PROJ_KEY: $LD_PROJ_KEY
```

Configuration sending 3 context lines to LaunchDarkly:
```yaml
script:
  - pipe: - pipe: launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs-pipe:2.4.0
    environment:
      LD_ACCESS_TOKEN: $LD_ACCESS_TOKEN
      LD_PROJ_KEY: $LD_PROJ_KEY
      LD_CONTEXT_LINES: "3"
```

## Support

> If youâ€™d like help with this pipe, or you have an issue or feature request, [submit a request](https://support.launchdarkly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like help with this pipe, or you have an issue or feature request, [submit a request](https://support.launchdarkly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
```

> If youâ€™re reporting an issue, please include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're reporting an issue, please include:
```
